Business Requirements for Krishi Mitra

Krishi Mitra Portal will be aiming at the below mentioned business in three different Phases:

Phase 1:

Farmer:

   Farmer should be able to list the produce using photographs, sell his agricultural produce
       via Online bidding with a max variance of 10-15% as per the Government listed daily price.

       Agricultural Produce will be constituting the below various kinds of Produce:


1.	Daily Produce (Should be limited for transport upto 50KM’s)
•	Green Leafy Vegetables
•	Flowers
•	Perishable Fruits (Banana, Berries, Guava, Papaya e.t.c which has shorter shelf life)
2.	Weekly/Monthly Produce
•	Vegetables (Onions, Carrots, Tomatoes, Potato, Gaurds, Drumsticks, Lemon and so on)
•	Fruits (Apple, Kiwi, Dates, Pineapple e.t.c which has longer shelf life)
3.	Dry Spices & Nuts
•	Dry Spices like Saffron, Cinnamon, Peppercorns, Cardamom, Clove, Nutmeg, Bay Leaf e.t.c
•	Nuts like Almonds, Cashew, Pistachios, Walnuts and so on
4.	Grains
•	Whole Grains
•	Raw Grains (unprocessed like Paddy)
5.	Farmer should be able to accept or reject the bid based on the quantity and not price.
6.	Farmer should be able to receive payments via UPI
7.	Farmer should be able to track the delivery
8.	Farmer should pack and load the produce at the designated location by Krishi Mitra or the Panchayat Office

Buyer:

       Buyer should be able to bid the produce listed by the Farmer and should be able to
       schedule the schedule transport using the listed Logistic personnel in the app.

1.	Should be able to view the produce listed by farmers based on the type of produce and distance
2.	Should be able to bid for the produce or procure the produce.
3.	Should be able to make payment to the farmer based on the bid
4.	Should be able to schedule a Logistic personnel in the area so as to get his bid delivered to him.
5.	Should be able to view the live tracking of the delivery


Delivery / Logistics:

        Delivery / Logistics personnel should be able to pickup the produce from Farmer and
        deliver it to the Buyer. Logistics Personnel should be housing a Smart Phone so as to be
        available for tracking via the application . Should be able to upload the picture of Produce
        Pickup and Deliver


1.	Accept / Reject the Booking
2.	Upload the pictures of Produce Pickup and Delivery
3.	Smart Phone is a must so as to track the delivery
4.	Should be able to receive the payment via UPI.
